Let's look at different version control systems.
Version control allows us to track and manage code changes over time and helps
us resolve conflicts when we're merging our code together.
Now there's two different kinds of version or source control systems,
and these are distributed version control systems,
or DVCS, and centralized version control systems,
or CVCS. With the different version control systems, they
each have different tools that technically fall under one of
those two categories. For example,
Subversion, or SVN, CVS, and Perforce are all examples of
a centralized version control system.
There's also Mercurial and Git,
which are two examples of distributed version control systems. We'll be using
Git exclusively, as it's the most popular version control system for
development today, and it's the one that AWS supports most natively and can integrate with all of its developer tooling.